What is OpenStudio?
OpenStudio is a free open-platform
software product developed by the…
…National Renewable Energy Laboratory
and the US Department of Energy.
Buildings in the United States
consume 40% of our energy.
OpenStudio's objective is to help building owners,
architects, designers, engineers, and others…
…involved in the design process (people like you)
to design buildings that are more energy efficient.
OpenStudio can be used by anyone involved in
the design, construction, or facility management…
…industries: building owners, architects,
engineers, software developers, and researchers.
OpenStudio has two distinct
components: the application…
…suite, and the software
development platform.
The primary users of the
application suite are the design team,
including the architect, engineer,
building owner, and other consultants.
The primary users of
the development platform…
…are software developers
and researchers.
First, let's talk about
the application suite.
So, design team, what do you want
to learn when using OpenStudio?
How much energy is
the design going to save?
How much will it cost me?
How does the OpenStudio
application suite…
…help the design team
answer these questions?
OpenStudio supports an iterative workflow
of design, simulation, and analysis.
This allows for ongoing feedback about
the energy impact of decisions, along with…
…other design factors, such as program
requirements, costs, and building codes.
How about the developers and researchers?
What questions do you have regarding the
OpenStudio software development platform?
How do I develop in OpenStudio,
and why would I want to?
How do I optimize a building
design using OpenStudio?
How does the development
platform support these developers?
You can develop in C++, C#, or Ruby.
You can develop on the
operating system of your choice.
Both the OpenStudio development
platform as well as the application…
…suite are cross-platform,
supporting Windows, Mac, and Linux.
You can interface with
OpenStudio through the API,
or you can work directly
in the C++ source code.
OpenStudio has an
open-source LGPL license.
You can produce and sell your own software,
or you can contribute code back to…
…the OpenStudio community by merging
your work into the OpenStudio source code.
So why does this help the developer?
It helps you because we have abstracted
out the general knowledge needed…
…to create a building model by
providing a relational object model.
Yes, OpenStudio can help researchers, too.
You can access the advanced functions
you need through scripting, or you can…
…quickly create a custom graphical
user interface specific to your research.
Extensive documentation is
available online to assist you.
One strength of the OpenStudio
software development platform…
…is the speed and ease with
which you can develop new tools.
Derived tools leverage the inherent power
of OpenStudio's object model and methods.
So if the design team has needs outside
the scope of the application suite's…
…tools, the developer simply creates a new
tool that supports the design team's use.
In this case, the developer
creates an independent plugin.
In another case, you may
choose to contribute the…
…new functionality to
OpenStudio's source code.
The design team has now expanded their
toolset to fit their unique requirements.
So, we know OpenStudio's
goal is to save energy, but how…
…does it impact the design
process to accomplish this?
It enhances the speed and quality of user
workflows, facilitates better integration…
…among team members, provides rapid feedback
on energy performance of design decisions.
Save energy.
Save money.
Reduce your carbon footprint.
OpenStudio.
Get started now at openstudio.nrel.gov.